hello my name is Katia virtuous and here
are my three top tips for the tango tip
number one make sure you have really
compressed and bent knees when you move
so you will get that speed and drive in
your movement and your steps tip number
two very sharp head movements and very
sharp frame is essential for the tango
to really start to get the feel for it
and to create the mood for it and
finally tip number three attitude is
absolutely essential for the tango you
must be able to sell the dance and feel
the dance your face your head and your
eyes it's a powerful strong passionate
dance so when you tango don't forget the
attitude so these are my top three tips
for the tango they work for me now let's
see if they work for you